Create ui-c8y-1020-2-4-remove-angular-js-modal-for-adding-group-in-widgets-and-use.md (#2212)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-2-4-remove-angular-js-modal-for-adding-group-in-widgets-and-use.md

---
date: ""

> title: Replace group creation modal in widgets with redirect to Groups view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Replaced group creation dialog in widgets with redirect to Groups page
```

> title: remove AngularJS modal for adding group in widgets and use redirect to Groups view with add group modal (#6082) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6574)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Replace group creation modal in widgets with redirect to Groups view
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-58710
version: 1020.2.4
---

> remove AngularJS modal for adding group in widgets and use redirect to Groups view with add group modal (#6082) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6574)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In order to modernize the user interface and improve consistency, the AngularJS-based modal dialog for creating a new group in the widgets has been replaced. Instead of the modal, when a user tries to add a new group in the widgets, they will now be redirected to the Groups view where the add group modal is shown. This change streamlines the group creation workflow and ensures a coherent user experience across the application. Existing groups and their assignments to widgets are not affected by this change.
```

> The Angularjs-based modal dialog for creating a new group from the widgets has been replaced. Instead of the modal, when a user tries to add a new group from the widgets, they will now be redirected to the Groups view where the add group modal is shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AngularJS-based dialog for creating a new group from a widget has been replaced. Instead of this dialog, when users want to add a new group from a widget, they will now be redirected to the **Groups** page where the **Add group** dialog is shown.
```
